When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I would want to create a remote repository if i want others to contribute to my work or if i want to share my work to others.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

I might want to have control of what will be shared with others and what will not be shared or shared later.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

Forks are only available online at GitHub. They are to be used when someone wants to use the repository of another person and to share their own
changes to other people without having write access to the original repository. Clones are to be used to work locally with repositories from online. Branches
are a splitting inside a given project, they can exist both locally and in online repositories. I would use branches instead of forks if i was a collaborator
at an online coding project. If i am not a colllaborator but want to use the code and change it anyway - and share my changes with others - i would fork
it instead.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

The benefit of this is that you can easily compare it to your local master with git diff. So you are able to solve conflicts even offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

Without using Git or GitHub i would probably use something like SVN like when i went to University :) Without such a version control system it would be
generally harder to collaborate successfully. Collaboration would mean to merge changes manually together more often.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

I would make changes in a separate branch if i am not so sure about them or if i collaborate with others and want them to look about these changes first.
